hi hi
at Cydia Solusipulsa.id
[Music]
hi
hi birds Hey and hello everyone is
back on this channel Of course to
watch a great movie this time I
will tell you a film
called the captain which was released
in 2019 this film tells about
aviation  Sichuan Airlines 8633 from
chongqing airport class A which
experienced flight problems while on the
path of the Tibetan mountains Okay
without lingering, let's just watch the
video at the beginning of the film we will be
introduced to a
pilot captain named Leo who made an appointment at that time
he was practicing holding his breath when
he was taking a shower before he left for the
airport to serve as a
pilot that day was the
day Captain Liu's son was having a birthday
But because he had to fly he
promised his son to celebrate
his birthday in the evening right after
he was on
duty short story Captain you had
arrived at  airport to prepare to
pen  On his flight
this time, Captain Liu will be accompanied by
an additional pilot named
Aliandong and a copilot
named Suicen.
Wulan checked the flight path
they were going to pass because the weather report
said that there was
a very strong cloud movement on the route they were going
to pass, precisely in the
Tibetan mountain path so that it showed the
activities of airplane passengers at the
airport who were busy taking care
of their flight administration such as
taking care of baggage boarding passes.  then
wait in the waiting room After all
administrative processes have been completed
Hi 05.05 the pilots and all
flight crews have walked into the plane
the flight attendants did
a thorough check on all
passenger seats and the plane cabin as well
checked all emergency equipment and
also food supplies for
passengers elsewhere where the pilots
were checking in the cockpit of the
plane followed by
external checks of the plane
carried out by the co-pilot, it seemed that all
the planes were fine without
any problems.
did a
briefing to all the crew then the
passengers were seen to have started to enter the
plane a total of all
passengers on the plane at that time
amounted to 119 people the plane door was
closed the pilots continued to
communicate with the Air Traffic
Controller crew before taking off
and at five 26 minutes the plane
with flight code qnh 1018
Finally taking off from
chongqing
Hai international airport now the Sichuan Airlines 8633 plane
has been connected to the chengdu traffic tower
to communicate
until it reaches its destination everything
seems to be running smoothly without any
problems.  in the slightest but at an altitude of
9200 m with an aircraft speed of 748 KPJ
there was a very great turbulence
that made all passengers start to
fear the pilot turned off the auto
pilot feature and then asked
the chengdu edition for permission to raise their altitude to an
altitude of 9800 m after this
was done the condition of the aircraft began to
improve  and despite the
great turbulence earlier, the heel reactivated
the plane's auto pilot feature in the plane's cabin,
the flight attendants had started
to move to serve the passengers.
Hi Meanwhile in the cockpit of the plane
Captain Liu was chatting casually
with the copilot suicen Captain Lu
told me that he had often passed
Tibetan mountain route In fact he has
passed that route hundreds of times,
but in the past he used a bomber
or fighter plane when he was still
serving in the Chinese Air Force as
a senior Captain Liu gave
advice and also tips to the
suicen copilot to become a senior.  Even
more professional pilots at that time they
were at an altitude of 9800 feet they were
passing through the Tibetan mountain path
smoothly suddenly the windshield of the plane
cracked even though there was no impact
at that time the captain immediately reported the
matter to the chengdu tower and asked
to make an emergency landing at
chengdu
Hai airport not long after that suddenly the
windshield of the plane broke and half of the
copilot suicen was sucked out of the plane
luckily he was restrained by the seat
belt he was wearing and he was also
detained by Captain Liow Captain Liu
carried out a maneuver to equalize the
pressure outside and inside the plane but
this  This made the copy door open
which resulted
in chaos in the passenger cabin of the plane continuing to
dive uncontrollably then Captain Liu
pulled the plane wide which finally
managed to make the copilot back
into the plane while
trying to get into the cockpit and
he finally managed to do it.  he
then put oxygen masks on the
suicen co-pilot and also Captain Liu
chengdu edition officer then prepared
the plane's emergency landing by
delaying the flight of
other planes and also delaying the landing of
other planes they also deployed
fire brigade medical teams and also
police officers efficient officers also
asked
for force control  the air
force to clear their flight path
by asking all
training aircraft to return to
Base because the aircraft could not be
contacted by the control tower team the
pilots on other planes in the
air tried to contact
them but to no avail the news
of the Sichuan Airlines plane crash
slowly began to spread  to the public and
eventually became the main topic on
social media. The information also reached the
passengers' relatives, which of course made
them very panicked because they were worried
that something might happen to their relatives
back to the plane.  wat 8633 there is a
new problem they face, namely
there is a storm cloud that they
have to go through knowing that
the chengdu edition can only
surrender and leave all decisions to the
pilot the captain at uh the water decided
to turn the plane around to
avoid the storm Meanwhile
in the cabin  the plane was in chaos
because there was a passenger
smoking
Hi other passengers but luckily the
glue on the plane managed to
calm all the passengers until
finally the conditions in the cabin returned to
conducive back to the topic of the plane
looking kerten Liu who began to
lose consciousness due to
the very strong air pressure and high temperature
very cold he tried to
wake the Captain so that he did not
lose consciousness and the effort
was successful after Captain you regained
consciousness.
However, when the plane entered the
storm, turbulence was
very intense, exceeding the
previous turbulence. It caused the cabin to be
shattered. In addition, the plane
disappeared from the radar, which made
the efficient officers even more resigned, but
thanks to the ability of Captain Liu and of course
also the blessing of God, the plane ended.
managed to get out of the terrible storm the
plane
reappeared inside
but unfortunately it was not a
happy ending to the bad journey of
the Sichuan Airlines plane Because now in
front of them there is a mountain
they have to cross Captain you immediately
pulled the plane lever to make the
plane fly faster  high and could
pass the mountain and finally the
plane made it through the
mountain now The plane was about to
land at the airport but again
they got a problem where the
plane was traveling at
a very high speed and it was feared that the
plane  wat could not be stopped
properly the firefighters and
other teams were seen already at the
airport to prepare to assist
the emergency landing. 7.16 watt
landed at chengdu airport but
again there was a problem where the
airbreak of the plane did not work which made the
speed of the plane on the
runway very difficult  was taken down which
also caused one of the plane's tires to
explode but fortunately finally the
airbrush could be used and the plane was
able to
but before running out of runway
the revision officers immediately cheered with
joy after the Sichuan
Airlines plane successfully landed at
Captain You's Airport and apologized to
all passengers for not being able to
deliver  they went to their
actual destination, not forgetting the captain also
thanked the
passengers for flying with
them, the passengers then gave
appreciation to the captain and also the entire
crew on duty for
saving their lives  outside the
plane passengers wait for Captain
Liu to exit copied and after
he exits passengers salute
the captain and co-pilot for
successfully landing the plane
safely A year later the pilots
and everyone else gathered together at
a restaurant to celebrate the
first anniversary of the chance of their lives
the second and that's the end of
the captain's film okay, that was the
d'captain film which can be taken a
lesson that a firmness in
a problem will definitely
turn out well like what
Captain Liu did where he did not give
up trying to control the plane
despite the conditions  what he faced at
that time was very bad but in the end
the Captain's determination paid off with a
sweet result where he finally
managed to land the plane
safely and managed to save
all the passengers and crew.
ai